docs: add note clarifying project root in monorepo (#84628)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/05-config/01-next-config-js/output.mdx

- There are some cases in which Next.js might fail to include required files, or might incorrectly include unused files. In those cases, you can leverage `outputFileTracingExcludes` and `outputFileTracingIncludes` respectively in `next.config.js`. Each option accepts an object whose keys are **route globs** (matched with [picomatch](https://www.npmjs.com/package/picomatch#basic-globbing) against the route path, e.g. `/api/hello`) and whose values are **glob patterns resolved from the project root** that specify files to include or exclude in the trace.

> **Good to know**:

> > In a monorepo, "project root" refers to the root of the Next.js app or package (e.g., `packages/web-app`), not necessarily the monorepo root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In a monorepo, `project root` refers to the Next.js project root (the folder containing next.config.js, e.g., packages/web-app), not necessarily the monorepo root.
```
